React hooks axios post (#746)
Ada-Developers-Academy/textbook-curriculum: React/apis-post.md

### Setup

We are starting with the students application that we have already created and integrated with a GET request from the [json-server package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/json-server).  This application already contains the event handlers to submit the form data from a controlled form. In this discussion, we'll be enhancing some of this logic to send a POST request to the API to add a new student. We'll also need to ensure that our overall student list is refreshed from the API once we add a new student.

### Add a Student

Let's examine our existing `addPet` function:

```javascript
// src/App.js
  const addStudent = (student) => {

    const newStudentList = [...students];

    // Find the max id and add 1

>     const nextId = newStudentList.reduce((accumulator, currentStudent) => {
>       return Math.max(accumulator, currentStudent.id);
>     }, 0) + 1;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    const studentIds = newStudentList.map(student => student.id);
    const nextId = Math.max(...studentIds) + 1;
```

- How can you handle validation errors in a real API, like we made before?
- How could you delete pets from the API with your React App?
  - With your neighbor implement this functionality.

## Exercise

> At this point you can list students and add new students, but you cannot delete them.  For this exercise take the working code from this [point in the textbook](https://github.com/AdaGold/ada-students/tree/12-api-post), and add a `delete` button to each student and give the app the ability to delete students.  This should cause a `DELETE` request to be made from the API.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At this point you can list students and add new students, but you cannot delete them.  For this exercise take the working code from this [point in the textbook](https://github.com/AdaGold/ada-students/tree/12-api-post), and add a `delete` button to each student and give the app the ability to delete students.  Every time a user clicks on a "delete" button for a specific student, our app should send a `DELETE` request to the API.  
```

The phrase "This should cause a `DELETE` request to be made from the API" should be changed to "This should send a `DELETE` request to the API". Optionally, I've suggested changing the first part "This" to "every time a user clicks on a delete button"

Reviewer: They will have used a `DELETE` request in [Wave 3 of Ada Pets Node](https://github.com/AdaGold/ada-pets-node#wave-3-remove-pet).  

Though we maybe should have added more info there.
